User Manual

Our program, the Yahoo Fantasy Hockey App, is used
to see statistics about a specific fantasy hockey
league. The league ID must be known for the app to
have any value to the user. The two league IDs 
we use for testing/running the app are 22381, and
21165. These IDs can be entered into the league ID
box in the upper left hand corner to display that
leagues statistics. Upon entering, the program will
call the API and load the Fantasy league into the
UI. For all of the UI except the teams tab, the
data displayed is league independent. In the teams
tab the players and goalies can have different
statistics depending on how the league is set up,
and as such this can change between leagues. An
example of ths is the 22381 league, which has many
more stats displayed for skaters than the other.
It's worth noting that we built our application
for the 22381 and 21165 league scoring styles, so 
not all publically available leagues will be 
viewable using this application if they do not 
follow the standard style of scoring. Many other 
public leagues use a different style of scoring 
which wont work for our app. When a league is 
created the user that created it can customize 
significant portions of how the league's scoring 
works, but we didnt account for this in our app 
since it does not apply to our actual leagues. 

Sources (Also referenced in comments in code):
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13019433/calling-method-on-every-x-minutes
http://oauth.googlecode.com/svn/code/csharp/
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms256086(v=vs.110).aspx
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms171728(v=vs.110).aspx
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6184/how-do-i-make-event-callbacks-into-my-win-forms-thread-safe